feat(clp-package)!: Change default flavor to clp-json; Fix `pkg-tar` tasks to uncomment and modify `package` block in `etc/clp-config.yml` (fixes #1568). (#1572)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/dev-docs/building-package.md

task
```

> The build will be in `build/clp-package` and defaults to using the storage engine for `clp-json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build will be in `build/clp-package` and defaults to using the storage and query engines for
`clp-json`.
```
